Improve OAuth documentation (#1315)
slackapi/bolt-js: docs/_basic/authenticating_oauth.md

---

##### Installing your App

> Bolt for JavaScript provides an **Install Path** `/slack/install` out-of-the-box. This returns a simple `Add to Slack` button where users can initiate direct installs of your app. For example, if your app was hosted at `www.example.com`, you would be able to install your app at `www.example.com/slack/install`. Once you click on the `Add to Slack` button, this will initiate the OAuth process. You will see a green `Allow` button and dialouge of your app asking permissions. Once you click on the `Allow` button, this is when the redirect URI will be called. The out of the box redirect will ask you to "Open Slack". Once you open Slack, the `fetchInstallation` and `storeInstallation` part of the OAuth code will execute. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bolt for JavaScript provides an **Install Path** `/slack/install` out-of-the-box. This endpoint returns a simple `Add to Slack` button where users can initiate direct installs of your app. For example, if your app was hosted at `www.example.com`, you would be able to install your app at `www.example.com/slack/install`. 

Once you click on the `Add to Slack` button, this will initiate the OAuth process. Users will see a green `Allow` button and dialogue of your app asking for permissions. Once you click on the `Allow` button, Slack will call your app's redirect URI. After this, the `fetchInstallation` and `storeInstallation` handlers you will execute. 

Bolt provides a redirect URI out-of-the-box. See the following section, Redirect URI for more details.  
```

---

##### Installing your App

> Bolt for JavaScript provides an **Install Path** `/slack/install` out-of-the-box. This endpoint returns a simple `Add to Slack` button where users can initiate direct installs of your app. For example, if your app was hosted at `www.example.com`, you would be able to install your app at `www.example.com/slack/install`. 

Reviewer 2: How about adding these?
```suggestion
Bolt for JavaScript provides an **Install Path** `/slack/install` out-of-the-box. This endpoint returns a simple `Add to Slack` button where users can initiate direct installs of your app with a valid `state` parameter. For example, if your app was hosted at `www.example.com`, you would be able to install your app at `www.example.com/slack/install`. If you would like to skip rendering the simple webpage and directly navigate end-users to Slack authorize URL, your app can set `installerOptions.directInstall: true` in the `App` constructor.

```

Author: @seratch This looks good! I just wanted to test this out, for some reason, when I try it in my app.js 

const app = new App({
  logLevel: LogLevel.DEBUG,
  signingSecret: process.env.SLACK_SIGNING_SECRET,
  clientId: process.env.SLACK_CLIENT_ID,
  clientSecret: process.env.SLACK_CLIENT_SECRET,
  stateSecret: 'my-state-secret',
  installerOptions: {directInstall: true},
  ...
  ```
  I would expect this to not render the page with the `add to slack` button but for some reason it still does. Is this expected?

Reviewer 2: @horeaporutiu hmm, do you have `receiver` in the constructor arguments? If so, the option should be passed to `receiver` instead. Otherwise, this should work.

Author: @seratch Thank you. I found my mistake. I was overwriting the value further down in the constructor.

---

##### Installing your App
Bolt for JavaScript provides an **Install Path** `/slack/install` out-of-the-box. This endpoint returns a simple `Add to Slack` button where users can initiate direct installs of your app with a valid `state` parameter. For example, if your app was hosted at `www.example.com`, you would be able to install your app at `www.example.com/slack/install`. If you would like to skip rendering the simple webpage and directly navigate end-users to Slack authorize URL, your app can set `installerOptions.directInstall: true` in the `App` constructor. See example code below:

```javascript
const app = new App({
  signingSecret: process.env.SLACK_SIGNING_SECRET,
  clientId: process.env.SLACK_CLIENT_ID,
  clientSecret: process.env.SLACK_CLIENT_SECRET,
  stateSecret: 'my-state-secret',
  scopes: ['chat:write'],
  installerOptions: {

>     directInstall: true,

Reviewer 2: @horeaporutiu Nice! but this option is optional while the rest are required. Can you add some code comment indicating that?

Author: @seratch Comment has been added! Thanks for the suggestion!

---

##### Installing your App
Bolt for JavaScript provides an **Install Path** `/slack/install` out-of-the-box. This endpoint returns a simple `Add to Slack` button where users can initiate direct installs of your app with a valid `state` parameter. For example, if your app was hosted at `www.example.com`, you would be able to install your app at `www.example.com/slack/install`. If you would like to skip rendering the simple webpage and directly navigate end-users to Slack authorize URL, your app can set `installerOptions.directInstall: true` in the `App` constructor. See example code below:

```javascript
const app = new App({
  signingSecret: process.env.SLACK_SIGNING_SECRET,
  clientId: process.env.SLACK_CLIENT_ID,
  clientSecret: process.env.SLACK_CLIENT_SECRET,
  stateSecret: 'my-state-secret',
  scopes: ['chat:write'],
  // optional code for directInstall. Defaults to false. When set to true, user does not see "Add to Slack" button page. 
  installerOptions: {
    directInstall: true,
  },
});
```

> Once you click on the `Add to Slack` button, this will initiate the OAuth process. Users will see a green `Allow` button and dialogue of your app asking for permissions. Once you click on the `Allow` button, Slack will call your app's redirect URI. This will bring you to the `slack/oauth_redirect` endpoint and alert you in your browser to "Open Slack". Only after you **Open Slack** will the `fetchInstallation` and `storeInstallation` handlers execute. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you click on the `Add to Slack` button, this will initiate the OAuth process. Users will see a green `Allow` button and dialogue of your app asking for permissions. Once you click on the `Allow` button, Slack will call your app's redirect URI. This will bring you to the `slack/oauth_redirect` endpoint and alert you in your browser to "Open Slack". After you **Open Slack** and here on after as your app processes events from Slack, `fetchInstallation` and `storeInstallation` handlers will execute. 
```
